All right so let's continue from where we left off in the previous video and what we're trying to do
is we're trying to write another function which takes a sentence which is sent and encodes it into a
list of ideas.
So essentially take a sentence such as phone Sonja or whatever and translate it into something that
looks like this guy here.
So now we are trying to go into the forward direction.
Right.
So what this does is it simply gets that same dictionary which goes from word to ideas and then it splits
the sentence that is given to us and gets each word out.
And for each word it's going to appended to this encoded list right.
So we had this list.
Each word gets appended into this list if it is found in the dictionary if it's not found in the dictionary
then it's an unknown word.
And you would recall that we used to for unknown up above over here here.
So we can do if an unknown is found.
Right.
So that is the ENCODE function and we simply take down the list.
So if you use this function and take the sentence you will remember that this was the mapping so fun
was 3 4 7 0 1 and so on.
So if you tried to encode this sentence this sentence does not make any sense but we just want to see
what it is.
Right.
So this would be fonts on your money et cetera.
And this other sentence this does not look good translates to 14 1 2 7 24 168 and 52.
So now that we have this what we want to do is we want to input this data into the model and there is
a problem with that.
Now the reviews can be variable length.
You can have a review which is very short.
You can have a review which can be very long and that poses a problem.
How can we create the input layer which has a fixed number of nodes and give it a variable sequence.
There are many ways to handle this but the way we are going to do this is simply by ensuring that all
the sequences are the same length.
There are three possibilities.
For instance if we decide that on maximum length that we are going to feed into the machine is going
to be maximum.
So if we go up what it on maximum is 400 so we can only have 400 worldviews.
What if we have a shorter review for instance a 200 word review.
What we're going to do is we are going to pad them and we're batting does is essentially inserts zeros
at the beginning.
So if you're Max and is 400 as we have now and a review has 200 words then it's going to have 200 spaces
added to the beginning and then 200 words review to make it a total of 400.
So if you have a 400 word review that looks perfectly fine if you have a shorter review that gets padded
with spaces in the beginning and if you have a review that is longer than 400 words then those are simply
clipped away.
So if 100 words is a sufficient length we decided that maybe you want to do a review on a larger set.
So you might want to increase the max.
Now where does this maximum come from.
Sometimes you just know this for instance does it already has a limit.
And if you're doing that analysis you can simply set this maximum to the maximum total and get us already
has a function which does this batting for us.
So if you go up a bit again and you would see that from catastrophic pre processing we have imported
sequence and in the sequence we have a function which is called back sequence.
So we can simply go ahead and use that so extra in is not going to be extreme padded up to this maximum
length and expressed is also going to be the same thing.
Right.
So once we do that we are going to pad them and now we have twenty five thousand comma four hundred.
So now this four hundred is the maximum that we have now if we take a look at extreme zero again you
will see over here that is essentially the same thing except it has all of these zeros battered upfront.
So after that it has the same one 14 22 et cetera but because it was shorter than 400 it is now better
with a couple of zeros upfront.
Now that we have the understanding of the data.
Please make sure that you understand all of these concepts that we have seen because the actual machine
learning portion is really easy.
Right.
So all we have to do for that is go ahead and create this model.
And that's fairly easy.
What's really complicated when you go into the real world and try to apply these concepts to your problems
is this portion over here that you've covered up until now.
So it's very important that you understand this if you have any questions please do ask and get through
this as much as you can before you proceed.